So as a CEO, let me ask you a question, cuz leadership matters.
It's a complicated question. <laugh> why is mark Zuckerberg, distrusted,
disliked, and sometimes even hated by many people in public.
Right? That is a complicated question. Um, well the premise is,
I'm not sure I agree with the premise. Um.
And I can,
I can expand that to include even a more mysterious question for
me, bill gates.
Hmm. What, what is the bill gates version of the question?
Do you think people hate bill gates?
Uh, no distrust. Ah, so, uh, take away one it's a,
it's a checklist.
Uh there's I think mark Zuckerberg's distrust is the primary one,
but there's also like a, like a dislike, maybe Hayes, the strong award,
but it's just,
if you look at like the articles that are being written and so on,
Hmm.
There's a dislike and it makes it's confusing to me because it's like the public
picks certain individuals and they,
and they attach certain kinds of emotions to those.
Individuals. Yeah. So someone once, uh, just recently said,
there's this strong case that founder led companies have this problem and that a
lot of Mark's issue use, um, come today,
come from the fact that he is a visible founder with this
story that people have watched in both a movie and they followed along and he's
this boy wonder kid who became one of the world's richest people. And,
and he's no longer marked the person he's marked this, this image of,
of a person with enormous wealth and power. And in today's world,
we, we have issues with enormous wealth and power for a variety of reasons.
One of which is we've been stuck inside, you know, for a year and a half,
two years. Uh,
one of which is a lot of people were really unhappy about not the last election,
but the last, last election. And where do you take out that? Anger?
Who do you blame?
But the people in charge that's one example or one reason why? I think,
um, a lot of people, uh,
express anger or resentment or unhappiness with,
with mark at the same time. I don't know. I pointed out to that person.
I was like, well, I don't know, know,
like I think a lot of people really like Elon, like Elon, arguably,
like he kept his, you know, factory open here throughout COVID protocols,
which arguably a lot of people would be against, um.
While saying a bunch of, uh, crazy offensive things on the internet. They still,
uh, and like.
Basically, you know, gives the middle finger to the S E like on Twitter.
And like, I don't know. I'm like, well, there's a founder.
And like people kinda like him.
I, I, so I do think that the, so like the,
the founder and slash CEO of a company,
that's a social network company is like an extra level of difficulty. If,
if life is a video game, you just chose the harder video game. So, I mean,
that's why it's interesting to ask you because you were the founder and CEO.
Yeah. That of a social network. Right? Exactly. I challenge it because, so, but,
but you're one of the rare examples,
even Jack Dorsey's disliked, not to the degree,
but it just seems harder when you're running a social media company.
It's interesting. I, I never thought of Jack as just like,
I think generally he's well respected. Um.
Yeah, I think so. I, I think you're right, but like he's, but he's not loved.
Yeah. And I, and I feel like you, I mean, to me, Twitter's an incredible thing.
Yeah. And again, can I just come back to this point,
which seems over simplistic, but like,
I really do think how a product makes someone feel. Yeah.
They ascribe that feeling to the founder. Yeah. <laugh> uh.
So, so make people feel good. So.
Think about it. Like, let's just go with this thesis for a second. Sure. Okay.
I like it though. Um, Amazon's pretty utilitarian, right?
It delivers brown boxes to your front door. Sure.
You can have Alexa and you can have all these things. Right.
But in general it delivers stuff quickly to you at a reasonable price. Right.
I think Jeff Bezos is wonderfully wealthy, thoughtful, smart guy. Right.
But like, people kind of feel that way about him. They're like, wow,
this is really big. We're impressed that this is really big. And, but they,
he he's doing the same space stuff Elon's doing,
but they don't necessarily ascribe the same sense of wonder. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> um, now let's take Elon. Uh, and again, this is pet theory.
I, I don't have much proof other than my own intuition. Um,
he is literally about living the future Mars spa.
It's about wonder it's about going back to that feeling as a kid,
when you looked up to the stars and asked, is there life out there,
people get behind behind that because it's a sense of hope and excitement and,
and, and innovation. And like, you can say whatever you want, but we,
we ascribe that emotion to that person.
Now let's say you're on a social network and people make you kind of angry cuz
they disagree with you or they say something ridiculous.
Or they're living a FOMO type life where you're like, wow,
I wish I was doing in that thing. I think Instagram,
if I were to think back by and large, when I was,
there was not about FOMO was not about this influencer economy,
although it certainly became that way closer to the end.
It was about this sense of wonder and happiness and beautiful things in the
world. And I don't know. I mean, like I don't wanna have a blind spot,
but I don't think anyone had a strong opinion about.
One way or the other for the longest time, the way people explain to me. I mean,
if you want to go for toxicity, you go to Facebook or Twitter.
If you want to go to make feel good about life,
you go to Instagram to enjoy celebrate life. That would.
And my experience been talking to people is they gave me the benefit of the
doubt because of that. Yeah.
But if your experience of the product is kind of makes you angry,
it's where you argue. I mean,
a big part of Jack might be that he wasn't actually the CEO for a very long time
and only became recently. So I'm not sure how much of the connection got made.
Um, but in Jeff, I mean, if you hate, you.
Know, I'm just thinking about other companies that are in tech companies,
if you hate like what a company is doing or,
or it makes you not feel happy <laugh> I don't know,
like people are really angry about Comcast or whatever,
or they even called Comcast anymore. It's like Xfinity or something. Right.
They had to rebrand. They, they became met. Right? Yeah. Um, it's like, uh,
but my point is if it makes you angry, that's beautiful. Yeah. But the thing is,
this is me saying this,
I think your thesis is very strong and correct has elements of
correctness, but I still personally put some blame on
individuals. Of course, I think, uh, course. Yeah.
You said Elon looking up,
there's something about childlike wander to him, like to, to his personality,
his character, something about, I think more so than others,
what people can trust him. And there's uh, I don't know,
son cha an example of somebody who's like,
there's some kind it's, it's hard to put into words,
but there's something about the human being where he's trustworthy. Yeah.
He's, he's human in a way that, uh, connects to us and the same with, uh,
Sergeant Nadella. I mean, some of these folks, um,
something about is drawn to them, even when they're flawed, even like,
um,
so like your thesis really holds up for Steve jobs because I think people didn't
like Steve jobs, but like he delivered products that,
and then they fell in love every time. <laugh> uh, I,
I guess you could say that the CEO, the leader is also a product
and if they keep bring a product that people like by being in public and saying
things that people like, that's also a way to make people happy.